[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film spectral
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
some year in moldova the long-lasting
war has turned the whole city into ruins
the u.s troops are attacked by some
unknown apparition
released by the rebel forces it is
invisible to the humans naked eye
yet moves fast and kills almost
instantaneously
it can only be seen through the
hyperspectral camera
as soon as the apparition goes through a
human body the internal organs will
freeze in an instant
while the body is burned and corroded
mark is a researcher from the defense
advanced research projects agency
who has invented lots of advanced combat
equipment including the helmet cams
that are used by the soldiers in the
moldovan war he is invited by the u.s
army general
to assist the investigation at a
military air base
after mark sees the footage of the
apparition he knows that it is not that
simple
the general introduces mark his partner
madison working for cia
they need to work together to find out
what on earth the apparition is
the local people believe that it is the
ghosts of war that are seeking revenge
mark thinks it is just superstition
while madison thinks this is some kind
of cloaking technology
they are just the insurgent soldiers
wearing active camouflage
however mark doesn't agree with this
theory either because there is not
enough data supporting it
mark decides to use his own
hyperspectral camera to get a better
shot
missions are run in the fields every day
so mark decides to rip out the 50
calories
and mounts the camera on the top of the
delta vehicle at first
soldiers are not happy with his move but
when they realize that mark is the
famous equipment designer
they all change their minds after all
mark and his team design most of the
popular equipment
such as mechanical loaders and the body
stocking that protects their weak balls
this mission is led by a bald guy and
the goal is to rescue the soldiers
trapped in a building
located in an area controlled by the
rebel forces
when everything is ready the group set
off in trucks
upon arriving at the location the target
building built to force operators get
off the vehicle quickly
as soon as it stops it is believed that
the utah team is trapped on the fourth
floor
starting from the first one they search
every floor carefully
in the meantime mark and madison stay in
the vehicle and monitor their helmet cam
feeds
as the person who knows the gear best
mark spots something unusual at their
two o'clock
but the operators don't see anything
they march with caution
and find an upside down bathtub where an
injured soldier is hiding
the soldier tells them that all his
teammates are dead and their bodies are
upstairs
something like a frozen blanket went
through them when the operators go
upstairs
they see bodies are lying all over the
floor just as expected
but there is no sign of a firefight all
the dead bodies are burnt
and the internal organs are frozen mark
spots a glowing apparition through an
operator's helmet cam
the operator takes several shots but
they all go right through it
obviously is not an insurgent soldier
wearing active camouflage
later the operator is killed by the
apparition when it passes through him
the leader of the team gives an order
that everyone switches to heavy rounds
but the apparition moves too fast soon
it kills another three operators
seeing this mark suggests they pull out
immediately for bullets won't kill this
apparition
the rest of the operators pull out by
descending with ropes
mark comes out of the vehicle and points
the camera to the window
the operators are being chased and
killed by the apparition
thankfully mark gets a clear shot of the
apparition
it is translucent and humanoid in anger
the leader of the operators fires a
rocket towards the apparition
but that doesn't kill it at all the
apparition runs out of the ruins
and kills the leader instantly as well
as the operators coming
out of the building the survivors get
into the vehicle quickly
unfortunately the vehicle runs over
mines planted by the rebels
two vehicles are overturned by the
explosion
the group has to take cover in an
abandoned factory
madison's forehead is wounded and she is
shocked during the explosion
now they are confirmed that what is
attacking them is not human for sure
because the apparition can go through
walls but also can't be killed by
bullets
at this point the operator's cams are
damaged
mark checks the hyperspectral camera and
finds that the apparitions are wandering
outside of the factory
they are stopped by a barrier of iron
shavings which are scattered around the
factory
it seems that there are other people
here inside the factory
so the group searches the factory when
they find a closed door
suddenly someone opens fire from inside
they open the door
and find two children the girl and her
younger brother
the girl tells them that it is their
father who put the iron shavings to
protect them
before he was killed by the apparitions
they believe the apparition is a
creature living between
life and death mark spots ceramic tile
on their father's body
and a map marking a place called
missouri the girl says that is where the
killing begins
meanwhile the major speaks with the base
the general is going to send helicopters
to pick them up in a plaza about 800
meters away
but the apparitions are roaming the
streets which makes it difficult to get
to the plaza
mark finds lots of iron shavings left in
the factory and then comes up with a
plan
that the operators can use iron shavings
glass bottles and grenades to make dirty
bombs
mark also modifies the hyperspectral
camera into a searchlight
so the operators can see the apparitions
with their own eyes
mark gives instructions to the base
asking them to make a larger searchlight
before the extraction the apparitions
gather in front of the building
they jumped across the barrier and end
of the factory
forcing the group to evacuate from the
back door
the operators fire dirty bombs are the
apparitions that keep
chasing them though the apparitions
can't be killed
they're slowed down massively by the
iron and even frozen for a while
when the group reached the rendezvous
point the helicopter hasn't arrived yet
so they take shelter in a bus nearby
mark's searchlight breaks down
luckily a tank equipped with a large
searchlight arrives
it is their people coming to rescue them
in the searchlight
numerous apparitions appear on the
building while the tank is shooting the
apparitions
the group race to the tank the tank
blows up the building in seconds
but the apparitions come out unheard and
dash to the group like a shadow with a
long tail
the apparitions kill the soldiers
without any resistance
an apparition destroys the tank together
with the searchlight
leaving the soldiers with no vision the
little boy runs to an open area to
retrieve the ceramics left by his father
his risky behavior gets him killed by an
apparition before his sister can save
him
in spite of the grief they have to
continue to retreat
finally the helicopter comes equipped
with a hyperspectral searchlight
seeing the apparitions are stopped by
the airflow from the propeller
mark smash the iron shavings on the
ground which are scattered by the
airflow
the apparitions are trapped by the iron
which buys some time for the group to
get on the helicopter
once safely in the air they are told
that the base has been taken by the
apparitions
so they have to go to a civilian bunker
there mark learns from the little girl
that the power plant in masara might be
the lair of the apparitions
her father learned that those horrible
ghosts could pierce through almost
everything but ceramics
because he makes ceramics late at night
the general comes with five helicopters
bringing some soldiers and weapons
unfortunately their military base is
overrun
he has brought what is left with him
here while people are quarreling in
despair
mark deduces what the apparition
actually is it is not solid
liquid nor gas however it is man-made
lowe's einstein condensate it can be
slowed down by iron
and cannot pass through the ceramic
which explains why someone can survive
under the ceramic bathtub the nuclear
power plant is exactly the place
providing energy for the apparitions
marx believes that plasmic discharge can
tear apart the condensate
so everyone goes out to search for
anything they can use
to make this special weapon mark turns
this bunker into an arsenal
and builds a dozen of plasmic discharge
guns
the soldiers have made up their minds to
go to masarf to destroy the power plant
and stop the apparitions the next day
the soldiers had to massage in the
helicopters
they mount the searchlight on a robot
dog two soldiers are firing at the
apparitions with a makeshift pulse
weapon
once the apparition is hit it is
destroyed immediately
seeing the weapon is a great success the
soldiers are all cheered up
then they launch a full-scale attack
while the soldiers fight to distract the
apparitions
mark and madison go down to the power
plant but they are separated by an
apparition
not long after they reach the ground
mark and madison go find the lab under
cover of the soldiers
they find this massive lab behind a big
iron door
it's revealed that the previous
scientists in the lab scan humans on a
molecular level
and then print them in condensate form
further inside is a storeroom
that keeps all the apparitions in
separate cells from the broken cells
some accidents should have happened
there before and the scientists tried to
stop the experiment
but it was too late the apparitions soon
got out of control
and killed all the lives on the roof the
soldiers noticed that some scattered
apparitions can reunite the body
they soon fall into a bitter battle in
the meantime
mark and madison figure out the
emergency shutdown procedure
what they need to do is to cut the
energy supply
the fierce fighting outside is
disturbing the apparitions inside
which managed to break the cells the big
plasmic discharge gun is being recharged
the soldier decides to use three clips
at the same time
then the huge recoil bounces the soldier
off
and the big explosion shatters the
ceramic glass of the cell
all the apparitions run out in an
instant and pounce on mark
at this critical moment mark unlocks all
the ports and releases all the cables
all the apparitions are frozen
immediately
a few seconds later they disappear into
thin air
suddenly the alarm in the lab goes on it
turns out that the apparitions are
controlled by these humans nerves
their bodies are dead but the nerves are
still alive
mark unplugs the cables and relieves
their suffering
madison wants to bring some of the
scientific research back
but mark persuades her to give up her
stupid idea for this technology
shouldn't have ever existed on this
planet
with the apparitions gone the us army
starts to rebuild the city of masara
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out